intelligent RF logic change clarification (#16133)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/trace_retention.md

### Datadog intelligent retention filter

The Datadog intelligent retention filter is always active for your services, and it keeps a proportion of traces to help you monitor the health of your applications. 

> It scans through **service entry spans** to retain for 30 days :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It scans through the **service entry spans** and retains for 30 days:
```
